[FEC-50]-add-i18-next (#14)
uptechteam/fe-cookbook: internationalization/i18next.md

## i18next

1.  [Integration](#integration)
2.  [Switcher](#switcher)
3.  [Mock tests](#mock-tests)

*   Advantages:  
    \- Standalone library with broad platform and framework support.  
    \- Rich feature set including language detection, interpolation, and pluralization.  
    \- Large community and good ecosystem support.
*   Disadvantages:  
    \- Requires additional configuration and setup.  
    \- Can have a steeper learning curve compared to more straightforward solutions.

## Integration

> To implement i18next in a React app, you'll need to follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to add i18next in a React app, you'll need to follow these steps:
```
